What did I do well through my nine weeks in Phase 0?
I think I tackled each challenge with gusto. Enthusiasm helps to off-set inability right? I really enjoyed it, I don't think I have ever said that about anything that caused me so much anguish, and I think I kept coming back with positivity and full effort even after I felt beaten down by the challenges. I am not sure where the feeling comes from, but saying ... I turned up and really 'tried hard' feels like a really lame, crappy thing to have 'done well'. I feel like their should be a more measurable thing I have achieved. Perhaps their is and perhaps I just can't see it yet. So whilst it feels a little like this is *all* I have it does follow the EDA principles. I can hand on heart say I came with effort, integrity and kindness every week. I threw myself at each challenge with a willingness to learn and an enthusiasm to make it - no matter how many blockages or set backs that came along the way.
I have been exercising a little more - I am thoroughly enjoying the yoga and the 20minute walk to and from school, I plan to ramp this up a little by perhaps adding in some more yoga in the evenings or jogging at lunch. I have also just joined a slow reading group with the view to scheduling a little non-screen time each week.

What could I have done to improve through my nine weeks in Phase 0?
I was not gentle or kind to myself (which is typical behaviour for me). I have somewhat abused my diet, and my sleep patterns. I have certain rules regarding no screens after 10pm and I broke this rather more often than I'd like. I got myself too tired at times and tried to prop myself up with junk food. Not smart. The continuous reflection through this period has enabled me to see this pattern much earlier than normal, and I have put in place a few plans to stop this from continuing. I promise myself I will sleep when I need to over the next 9 weeks instead of pushing myself until I am too tired to think. And I will stay hydrated - so bad at this!! :) 
