I have been reasonably happy with the way the week has  panned out so far. I have worked from home the whole time so haven’t had the chance to catch up with any cohort members, which I missed. It was good fun last week and something I look forward to next sprint. This was partly due to the proportion of reading and video material, I didn’t see much reason to do that at school, but mostly I have to admit because of the sunshine. Oh yes! It was almost like summer there for a bit and I fear it may be the last for while. I really embraced my pomodoro routine especially the five minute (compulsory ?) break. Although I probally shouldn’t admit it  I haven’t really had too much of a go at the meditation techniques I do however have an absolutly infallible method of relaxing, decontracting and clearing my mind ready to go again ... playing out in the garden with my massive Maine coon cat. He is epic and loves rough housing, play fights, scratches behind the ears and even catch the stick (I have lots of sticks, catching A+  bringing back not so flash). It’s ment that I have been in a good head space to approach the assignments and have been mostly comfortable working through them. Of course I have spent loads of time googling and reading eTextbooks about how to accomplish them but I figure that is par for the course.
With that in mind(fulness), issues that I will work on will be related to timeboxing and good habit forming. Typing is a major for me as well. Although I feel i am speeding up I know that I stare at the keyboard and still find myself searching for B or ? for what seems like ages. Also I have been concentrating on getting the jobs done and not spent much on appearances. My index and blogs could definitly do with a make-over.
