# Reflection sprint eight

## What did I do well this week?
I don't want to sound like I'm in an 80's sitcom, I believed in myself. I chose
to take on the calculator challenge alone because I couldn't wait for the few
days necessary to conveniently work with a partner, but I don't deny I was happy
to do so. Not in the least because I didn't want a partner, but because I wanted
to test myself.

I'm very happy with the calculator and how it all came about. Things mostly went
as I had hoped, which was a refreshingly enjoyable thrill. That's when I started
to accidentally believe in myself. It felt great. When I needed something to
happen, I knew how to go about it (mostly). It felt creative in a way I didn't
expect.  

Since it's Thursday and I'm signing off for the Easter long weekend, I can also
be a little proud of my time managment this sprint. So that's nice.

My work on focus seems to have plateaued, but I'm still glad to be where I am
compared to when we started and maintained it well this week. I hope it will
continue to improve when I return to regular meditation.

## What could I have done to improve?
Well, as above, I could've been more patient and waited until I could work with
a partner, but I didn't do that.

I mostly disregarded the pomodoro timer this week. It's been happening more and
more often. It just seems to come at the wrong time so I restart the timer
without the break. I kinda wish there was a snooze button.

I've been terrible with my meditation. Not once this week. There just always
seems to be something else that needs doing first. It genuinely pains me,
because I believe I was starting to begin to maybe possibly just nearly start to
get a grasp of how powerful and beneficial meditation could be. I can't explain
my seeming underlying reluctance to start back again.
